DOCS OBSDOCS-848 - Logging 5.6.17 Release Notes (#73273)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/logging-release-notes-5-6-17.adoc

// module included in /logging/logging-5-6-release-notes
:_mod-docs-content-type: REFERENCE
[id="logging-release-notes-5-6-17_{context}"]
= Logging 5.6.17

> This release includes link:https://access.redhat.com/errata/RHSA-2024:1507[Logging Bug Fix 5.6.17]

Reviewer: The advisory this links to doesn't mention 5.6.17, but I'm assuming that it's fine and the correct one anyways.

Author: Just rechecked to make sure it's correct! :) It links to this errata: https://errata.devel.redhat.com/advisory/127993

[id="logging-release-notes-5-6-17-bug-fixes"]
== Bug fixes

> * Before this update, the Red Hat build pipeline didn't use the existing build details in Loki builds, leaving out information like revision, branch, and version. With this update, the Red Hat build pipeline now adds these inputs to the Loki builds, fixing the issue. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/LOG-5203[LOG-5203])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Before this update, the Red Hat build pipeline did not use the existing build details in Loki builds, leaving out information like revision, branch, and version. With this update, the Red Hat build pipeline now adds these inputs to the Loki builds, fixing the issue. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/LOG-5203[LOG-5203])
```

Author: Made this change. Thanks!

* Before this update, the configuration of the `ServiceMonitor` by Loki Operator could match many Kubernetes services, which led to Loki Operator's metrics being collected multiple times. With this update, the `ServiceMonitor` setup now only matches the dedicated metrics service. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/LOG-5252[LOG-5252])

* Before this update, the build pipeline did not include linker flags for the build date, causing Loki builds to show empty strings for `buildDate` and `goVersion`. With this update, adding the missing linker flags in the build pipeline fixes the issue. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/LOG-5276[LOG-5276])

> * Before this update, the Loki operator ServiceMonitor in openshift-operators-redhat used static token and CA files for authentication, causing errors in the Prometheus operator in User-Workload-Monitoring on such ServiceMonitor configuration. With this update, the Loki operator ServiceMonitor in openshift-operators-redhat now references a serviceaccount token secret via a LocalReference. This approach resolves the issue, allowing the User-Workload-Monitoring Prometheus operator to handle the Loki operator ServiceMonitor successfully, enabling Prometheus to scrape the Loki operator metrics. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/LOG-5242[LOG-5242])

Reviewer: Should `ServiceMonitor` be in backticks like it is in the previous bullets? Though usually when we put something in backticks like this, if it's an API object, we try to say "object" or "resource", etc. after it. Or maybe it could be more generalized like "service monitor"? See https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/blob/main/contributing_to_docs/doc_guidelines.adoc#api-object-formatting for more info on our guidelines on referencing API object.

Is "User-Workload-Monitoring" something specific, for it to be written like this? Should it be "monitoring for user-defined projects" or something similar, like is written in https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.15/monitoring/enabling-monitoring-for-user-defined-projects.html. Or perhaps is just saying "Prometheus Operator" sufficient without it?

Is "openshift-operators-redhat", a namespace? Would be good to specify 

Adding a suggestion below with some additional suggestions. But didn't address all of my questions above

```suggestion
* Before this update, the Loki Operator `ServiceMonitor` in the `openshift-operators-redhat` used static token and CA files for authentication, causing errors in the Prometheus Operator in User-Workload-Monitoring on such `ServiceMonitor` configuration. With this update, the Loki Operator `ServiceMonitor` in `openshift-operators-redhat` now references a service account token secret by a `LocalReference` object. This approach allows the User-Workload-Monitoring Prometheus Operator to handle the Loki Operator `ServiceMonitor` successfully, enabling Prometheus to scrape the Loki Operator metrics. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/LOG-5242[LOG-5242])
```

Author: I understand the confusion. I have rephrased it this way to make more sense.

Before this update, the Loki Operator `ServiceMonitor` in the `openshift-operators-redhat` namespace used static token and CA files for authentication, causing errors in the Prometheus Operator in the User Workload Monitoring spec on the `ServiceMonitor` configuration. With this update, the Loki Operator `ServiceMonitor` in `openshift-operators-redhat` namespace now references a service account token secret by a `LocalReference` object. This approach allows the User Workload Monitoring spec in the Prometheus Operator to handle the Loki Operator `ServiceMonitor` successfully, enabling Prometheus to scrape the Loki Operator metrics.

[id="logging-release-notes-5-6-17-CVEs"]
== CVEs

* link:https://access.redhat.com/security/cve/CVE-2021-35937[CVE-2021-35937]
* link:https://access.redhat.com/security/cve/CVE-2021-35938[CVE-2021-35938]
* link:https://access.redhat.com/security/cve/CVE-2021-35939[CVE-2021-35939]
* link:https://access.redhat.com/security/cve/CVE-2022-3545[CVE-2022-3545]

> * link:https://access.redhat.com/security/cve/CVE-2022-41858[CVE-2022-41858]

Reviewer: This link didn't open a CVE page properly.

Many of the others in this list don't as well. Perhaps are they just not visible, but will work properly on release date?

Author: Just re-checked and the link to all the CVEs work fine now. The release shipped live yesterday.
